#summary Changelog for Spyc

= 0.4.x =

== 0.4.5 ==

  * Fixed the hash merge syntax (thanks to Moe).
  * Fixed Spyc behaviour with empty arrays.
  * Adding support to use Spyc from command line.
  * Fixed dump problems with some special characters.
  * Fixed problem with empty keys in YAML file.
  * Fixing multiline arrays.
  * Fixing trailing colons in Spyc values.
  * Fixed the problem with multiple newlines (reported by Piotr Gabryjeluk)
  * Fixed the issue with consecutive integers starting with non-zero (thanks to Colin Thomas-Arnold)
  * Fixing another bug with merging (thanks to Suman Debnath).
  * Fixed data merges and references.
  * Fixed hashes with numeric names
  * Fixed parser for keys with quotes.

== 0.4.2 ==
  * Introduced functions for quick parsing: spyc_load, spyc_load_file
  * Correct handling of dumping lists (thanks to Marco Bergantin)
  * A 5-to-4 tool to degrade Spyc to PHP4.
  * A `$setting_use_syck_is_possible` (off by default) flag to use Syck if it is installed.
  * Performance enhancements!

== 0.4.1 ==
  * HTML tags are now parsed correctly.
  * Support for empty arrays ([ ], { }).

== 0.4 ==
  * Integrated PHPUnit tests.
  * Fixed a bug with empty lines and comments indentation.
  * Fixed multi-line sequences
  * Fixed a bug with quotes ("<>")
  * Fixed a bug with nested maps and sequences
  * Fixed indenting and dedenting behaviour
  * Multiple performance enhancements.

= 0.3.x =

== 0.3 ==
  * Spyc parsing engine is rewritten from scratch (one-pass parsing). It runs now _much_ faster.
  * A bug with colons in comments is fixed (thanks to Neil Galvin)
  * Fixed a bug when the source ends with a literal block, the scripts loops for ever, with an error message (index out of bound). Thanks to Pascal  Diethelm.
  * Some more bugs in the engine are fixed.
  * Only alphanumeric characters are now allowed in reference names.
  * Fixed a bug with inline arrays (thanks Tobiah for pointing it out).
  * Fixed a bug with ">" symbol (thanks to Pierre Tardy).
  * Numerous bugs also fixed (thanks to fellow programmers and bug reporters)
    
= 0.2.x =

== 0.2.5 ==
  * All .yml file extensions changed to .yaml (see recommendation: http://yaml.org/faq.html)
  * Compartibility fix for PHP < 4.2.0 (no need to compile PHP with --enable-ctype)
  * PHP5 version is not failing self-tests now (one of the fixes for 0.2.4 was buggy)

== 0.2.4 ==
  * Sped up overall performance by a hundred times or so by using different node id generation algorithm.
  * Implemented Tobias Gruetzmacher's changes:
  * Explicit boolean dumping.
  * Fixed a bug causing "`arr1: [a, ['1', "2"], b]`" to not parse correctly. Some important changes in `_inlineEscape()`.
  * Fixed a bug for PHP5 version (YAMLDump and YAMLLoad should be declared static).
  * Fixed a bug with malformed YAML resulting in E_NOTICE level errors.
  * Fixed a bug in YAMLDump that caused structures like "array ('key': 'colon: colon')" to be dumped in non-literal style.
  * Sped up overall performance by 10% or so by using different child selection algorithm in `_gatherChildren`
  * Another change for speed: optimized the behaviour of `_array_kmerge`

== 0.2.3 ==
  * Fixed a bug causing "- {name: "Foo, Bar's", age: 20}" to not parse correctly.  Related to `_inlineEscape()` changes in 0.2.2, I believe.

== 0.2.2 ==
  * Implemented Mustafa Kumas' changes:
    * Improved regex in `_inlineEscape()` method.
    * Improved handling of escaped single and double quotes within strings.

== 0.2.1 ==
  * Implemented Fabien Potencier's changes:
    * Fixed warnings reported by E_STRICT
    * More complete YAML boolean support (on/off yes/no y/n)
  * Produce error when someone tries to use tabs instead of spaces.
  * Moved array_kmerge function into a private method.
  * Added PHP5 strict version of class (spyc.php5).
  * Added line break preservation in dump()
  * Added some string checking sanity before calling `file_exists()`

== 0.2 ==
  * Hashes (`#`) can now be used in strings, and comments work better.
  * Fixed warning about non-object.
  * Numeric keys are now allowed.
  * '"key" : value' is now allowed (space after quoted key name)
  * Underscore (`_`) and other crazy characters now allowed in key names of dumped arrays.
  * Added options/parameters to change indent and wordwrap length in `dump()`
  * Added a really primitive, lo-fi output test script.

= 0.1.x =

== 0.1.1 ==
  * Fixed notices that were being generated when set to E_ALL.
  * Defined some private properties like a good OOPer.